Challenge 2: Practice follow up
---------------------------------------

3 like button with post
3 follow button
3 subscribe button

10 like button with post
10 follow button
10 subscribe button


Currency Converter
google translator
google maps
Wishlist in sinlge page
Cart clone in single page...

Color Flipper:
Add a feature where the user can select the color palette from a dropdown menu.
Add a feature where the background color changes gradually to the next color instead of changing abruptly.
Counter:
Add a feature where the user can set a custom value for the counter instead of always starting at 0.
Add a feature where the counter counts up or down with a custom speed or interval.
Reviews Project:
Add a feature where the user can sort the reviews by rating or name.
Add a feature where the user can add their own review and rating.
"Read More" Project:
Add a feature where the user can hide the expanded paragraph by clicking on the "Read More" button again.
Add a feature where the hidden paragraph expands with an animation.
"Surprise Me" Project:
Add a feature where the image and text change randomly instead of having a fixed image and text.
Add a feature where the image and text change with a transition or animation.
"Switch On/Off Bulb" Project:
Add a feature where the user can adjust the brightness of the bulb by clicking and holding on the "Switch On" or "Switch Off" button.
Add a feature where the bulb changes color instead of just turning on or off.
"Toggle Bulb" Project:
Add a feature where the user can adjust the brightness and color of the bulb with a toggle button.
Add a feature where the bulb changes color and brightness randomly.
"Counting Numbers" Project:
Add a feature where the user can input a range of numbers to count instead of counting sequentially.
Add a feature where the user can delete a selected number from the list.
"Counting Even Numbers" Project:
Add a feature where the user can input a range of numbers to count instead of counting sequentially.
Add a feature where the user can delete a selected even number from the list.
To-Do List:
Add a feature where the user can set a due date for each task.
Add a feature where the user can prioritize tasks by assigning them a level of importance.
Add a feature where the user can categorize tasks by assigning them a label.


Challenge advance social Media
---------------------------------------------------------
like button with post -  Array of post with likescount and give option to user to like the post 
follow button with user -  Array of user with followingcount and give option to user to follow the user 
Instagram like scroll pic and user can scroll and give heart to the pic
Multiple Product Star Rating

Ecommerce website---------

Florinpop 10 hours javascript
Practice Api Javascript : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7JSF_aATJg
100js projects : https://www.100jsprojects.com/projects
Check project ideas pdf in resources
